/The entry point is at AppShell.xaml. Define the .xaml / .cs duo there to go with.

---------------------
The working proof of concept is in MancalaGamePgae.xaml along with GameDrawable.cs. The below will discuss problems there.

GameDrawable.cs is needed


---------------------
The testing page is StagingMancala.xaml



--------------------

9/21 JOURNAL
I think my hang-up is the List<Pits>. Each frame, I clear the pits. Then re-make and redraw them. 

There's also psuedo-randomness involved because I'm draw the pebbles in the pits. So 4 pebbles in a pit will always look the same for that pit, but other pits holding 4 may look
	different.

I'm now almost posiitve that in order for this game to look good I'm going to have to control each store, pit, and pebble. For now, I'm going to carve out some code. Luckily,
	I think I only need to repurpose the draw-pebble method.

Probably need to do this: 
1. Calculate the areas that pits live. That area is static since I've hard-coded the screen resolution.
2. At this point, I will have an x, y, width, and height of where the pit lives. 
3. Draw each pebble. I think I will have it setup for now that each pit with 4 pebbles will look identical. Then we can work on animating them.

Lastly - I'm working on drawing each pebble but I'm wanting to plot the screen to get a feel of the math involved. However, I just noticed that the direct Rect being passed in does no
	match the dimenions I specify so going to dive down that rabbit hole.


9/27 JOURNAL
Going to draw debug squares around the pits. If I can do this and record the dims and center point (absolute positions) then I can work 
	on how I would set pebbles in there.

That worked. Next thing is going to be drawing pebbles. 

I drew 4 pebbles in the first pit. I think the next step is putting those first 4 pits into objects and seeing if I can animate them down to
the pit below. However, I should probably add a ClickEvent to act as a trigger. Let me do that first and then animate it myself. 

I now have a click event on the top store. Also, when I click the top store, it changes the List<Pebbles>'s y value and then redraws them.
	So we're kinda getting there. Next up is to somehow set a source destination for a Pebble and then animate it down frame by frame.

PROGRESS! I altered the Pebble.cs class to include a destination X and destination Y. Then added a new method SetPebbleCoordsNextTick()
	which increases the pebbles X position tick by tick. So many thing left to do... I think I should work on the the algorithm that 
	will animate those 4 pebbles into any pit I specify.
	-- ACTUALLY, what I should probably do before this is strongly type the pits. Sure, I know the area and bounds of the pits, but wouldn't it 
		be nicer if I could just say move to this pit and it knows to go to this one. 

Okay, handoff for now. I like the idea of the pits having a name. I modified the Pebble.cs class to have an ID. I think at the start
I will create each pit and hardcode it's initial X, Y and give it an ID. Then I can designate pebbles to a Pit. Work on this next.
Just need to create a list of Pebbles and give it IDs.